Guide: Scam tokens (#10115)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/guides/index.md

1. [How to revoke smart contract access to your crypto funds](/guides/how-to-revoke-token-access/) - If you suddenly see a transaction in your wallet that you did not initiate, this guide will teach you how to prevent that from happening again.

> 2. [How to identify scam tokens](/guides/how-to-id-scam-tokens/) - What are scam tokens, how do they make themselves look legitimate, and how to identify them to avoid the scam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [How to identify scam tokens](/guides/how-to-id-scam-tokens/) - What are scam tokens, how do they make themselves look legitimate, and how to identify them to protect yourself and avoid being scammed.
```
